README.md, before:

<!-- <div align="center"> <img align="center" alt="dschackfest" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/42115530/94295926-a5741880-ff7f-11ea-890b-39ad20ac0f21.png" height='150' width='350'></div> -->

<div>
    <img align=top src="https://miro.medium.com/max/1400/1*c4YgRXYQayOVWxV37ourrw.png" width="100%"/>

<div>
<br>

## HackHive

HackHive is a comprehensive collection of hackathons categorized by tech domains, languages, expertise, and much more. With a user-friendly interface, users can easily find hackathons tailored to their interests, whether they're seasoned developers looking for the next challenge or beginners eager to dive into the world of coding.

What sets HackHive apart is its commitment to keeping users informed. The website scrapes hackathon details from various sources across the web, ensuring that users have access to the most comprehensive and up-to-date information available.

<br>

[![Issues](https://img.shields.io/github/issues/DSC-JSS-NOIDA/HackHive)](https://github.com/DSC-JSS-NOIDA/HackHive/issues)
[![PRs](https://img.shields.io/github/issues-pr/DSC-JSS-NOIDA/HackHive)](https://github.com/DSC-JSS-NOIDA/HackHive/pulls)
[![Maintenance](https://img.shields.io/maintenance/yes/2023?color=green&logo=github)](https://github.com/DSC-JSS-NOIDA/)
[![Forks](https://img.shields.io/github/forks/DSC-JSS-NOIDA/HackHive?style=social)](https://github.com/DSC-JSS-NOIDA/HackHive) 
[![Stars](https://img.shields.io/github/stars/DSC-JSS-NOIDA/HackHive?style=social)](https://github.com/DSC-JSS-NOIDA/HackHive) 
[![Watchers](https://img.shields.io/github/watchers/DSC-JSS-NOIDA/HackHive?style=social)](https://github.com/DSC-JSS-NOIDA/HackHive)  
[![Twitter Follow](https://img.shields.io/twitter/follow/DSCJSSATEN?style=social)](https://twitter.com/DSCJSSATEN)

<!-- A collection of resources categorised by tech domains, languages, expertise and much more. Blogzen gives you a quick access to all the resources that you could need at a single place, within a click! -->

### Links

<!-- - **Frontend**: <https://blogzen-gdsc.netlify.app/>
- **Backend**: <https://blogzen-gdsc.netlify.app/> -->

## Technology Stack used:

<img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/html5%20-%23E34F26.svg?&style=for-the-badge&logo=html5&logoColor=white"/>
<img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/css3%20-%231572B6.svg?&style=for-the-badge&logo=css3&logoColor=white"/>
<img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/javascript%20-%23323330.svg?&style=for-the-badge&logo=javascript&logoColor=%23F7DF1E"/>
<img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/react%20-%2320232a.svg?&style=for-the-badge&logo=react&logoColor=%2361DAFB"/>
<img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/tailwindcss%20-%2338B2AC.svg?&style=for-the-badge&logo=tailwind-css&logoColor=white"/>
<img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/python%20-%2314354C.svg?&style=for-the-badge&logo=python&logoColor=white"/>
<img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/node.js%20-%2343853D.svg?&style=for-the-badge&logo=node.js&logoColor=white"/>
<img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/express.js%20-%23404d59.svg?&style=for-the-badge"/>
<img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/github%20-%23121011.svg?&style=for-the-badge&logo=github&logoColor=white"/>
<img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/selenium%20-%23424242.svg?&style=for-the-badge&logo=selenium&logoColor=%23FF4500"/>

<br>

- **Frontend**: HTML5, CSS, JavaScript, Tailwind
- **Backend**: Node.js, Express.js, Selenium
- **IDE**: VS Code
- **Version Control**: Git and GitHub
- **Database**: MongoDb
- **Hosting**: Render, Vercel

  <br>

## Our Contributors !! ✨

### Thanks to these wonderful people: ✨

<table>
	<tr>
		<td>
			<a href="https://github.com/DSC-JSS-NOIDA/HackHive/graphs/contributors">
  <img src="https://contrib.rocks/image?repo=DSC-JSS-NOIDA/HackHive" />
</a>
		</td>
	</tr>
</table>

## Get Started

### Demo <a href="" style="text-decoration:none;">🎥</a>

<!-- #### Website for this repository : <https://blogzen-gdsc.netlify.app/> -->

<br>

### Steps for Contributing

<strong>Frontend</strong>

- Fork and clone the Repo by typing the following commands in the terminal

```
$ git clone https://github.com/<your-github-username>/HackHive.git
$ cd HackHive
```

- Make Changes to code<br>
- Push to your fork of the repository , navigate to original repository and make a pull request.<be>

<strong>Backend</strong>

**Note**: You must have Nodejs installed

- Fork and clone the Repo by typing the following commands in the terminal

```
$ git clone https://github.com/DSC-JSS-NOIDA/HackHive.git
$ cd HackHive
```

<!-- [![fork.png](https://i.postimg.cc/xTPqkF38/fork.png)](https://postimg.cc/BXXJkpyf) -->

<!-- <hr> -->

<!-- [![clone.png](https://i.postimg.cc/5t2F51kr/clone.png)](https://postimg.cc/K1CzxXb7) -->

<!-- <hr> -->

<!-- [![clone-git-Bash.png](https://i.postimg.cc/kgcbtDw8/clone-git-Bash.png)](https://postimg.cc/CRR13h3L) -->

<!-- <hr> -->

- Make changes to the code(for ex- add an update route)
- Stage your changes using:

```
$ git add .
```

- Commit your changes using:

```
$ git commit -m "add any comment"
```

- Push the changes to the forked repository using:

```
$ git push
```

- Navigate to the original repository and make a pull request

```
Showing Your Remotes

$ git remote

$ git remote -v
```

Adding Remote Repositories

```
git remote add upstream https://github.com/DSC-JSS-NOIDA/HackHive.git
```

Pulling from Your Remote

```
$ git pull upstream main
```

## Design

The Prospective design of this project is here [HackHive](https://www.figma.com/file/Ak0vaM2cMhqIWBzgkU8BmE/Untitled?type=design&node-id=0%3A1&mode=design&t=GzaRlGrkVNpEdTId-1)

## Resources

- **Git and Github**: [Git and Github for Beginners](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RGOj5yH7evk)

- **Frontend**: [Frontend development for Beginners](https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PL9ooVrP1hQOH2k1SANK5rvq_EAgUKTPoK)

- **Backend**: [Node.js for Beginners](https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PL4cUxeGkcC9gcy9lrvMJ75z9maRw4byYp)

#### Happy?? Star ⭐ this Repo. 🤩

[![ForTheBadge uses-git](http://ForTheBadge.com/images/badges/uses-git.svg)](https://github.com/DSC-JSS-NOIDA/HackHive)
[![ForTheBadge uses-html](http://ForTheBadge.com/images/badges/uses-html.svg)](https://github.com/DSC-JSS-NOIDA/HackHive)
[![ForTheBadge uses-css](http://ForTheBadge.com/images/badges/uses-css.svg)](https://github.com/DSC-JSS-NOIDA/HackHive)
[![ForTheBadge uses-js](http://ForTheBadge.com/images/badges/uses-js.svg)](https://github.com/DSC-JSS-NOIDA/HackHive)
[![React](https://img.shields.io/badge/react%20-%2320232a.svg?&style=for-the-badge&logo=react&logoColor=%2361DAFB)](https://github.com/DSC-JSS-NOIDA/HackHive)
[![Tailwind CSS](https://img.shields.io/badge/tailwindcss%20-%2338B2AC.svg?&style=for-the-badge&logo=tailwind-css&logoColor=white)](https://github.com/DSC-JSS-NOIDA/HackHive)
[![Python](https://img.shields.io/badge/python%20-%2314354C.svg?&style=for-the-badge&logo=python&logoColor=white)](https://github.com/DSC-JSS-NOIDA/HackHive)
[![Node.js](https://img.shields.io/badge/node.js%20-%2343853D.svg?&style=for-the-badge&logo=node.js&logoColor=white)](https://github.com/DSC-JSS-NOIDA/HackHive)
[![Express.js](https://img.shields.io/badge/express.js%20-%23404d59.svg?&style=for-the-badge)](https://github.com/DSC-JSS-NOIDA/HackHive)
[![Selenium](https://img.shields.io/badge/selenium%20-%23424242.svg?&style=for-the-badge&logo=selenium&logoColor=%23FF4500)](https://github.com/DSC-JSS-NOIDA/HackHive)

> Made By GDSC JSS NOIDA with ❤️

<br><br>

[![ForTheBadge built-with-love](http://ForTheBadge.com/images/badges/built-with-love.svg)](https://github.com/DSC-JSS-NOIDA/HackHive)
[![ForTheBadge built-by-developers](http://ForTheBadge.com/images/badges/built-by-developers.svg)](https://github.com/DSC-JSS-NOIDA/HackHive)

> **_Need help?_** > **_Feel free to contact us @ [dscjssnoida@gmail.com](mailto:idscjssnoida@gmail.com?Subject=DSC-GSSoC'24)_**

## Connect with us

<div align="center">
 <a href="https://gdscjss.in/"><img src="https://i.postimg.cc/wvDj0vx0/gdsc-logo.png"  height=100px /></a> <br><br> 
<a href="https://github.com/DSC-JSS-NOIDA" target="_blank">
<img src=https://img.shields.io/badge/github-%2324292e.svg?&style=for-the-badge&logo=github&logoColor=white alt=github style="margin-bottom: 5px;" />
</a>
<a href="https://twitter.com/GDSCJSSATEN" target="_blank">
<img src=https://img.shields.io/badge/twitter-%2300acee.svg?&style=for-the-badge&logo=twitter&logoColor=white alt=twitter style="margin-bottom: 5px;" />
</a>
<a href="https://www.linkedin.com/company/dsc-jssaten/" target="_blank">
<img src=https://img.shields.io/badge/linkedin-%231E77B5.svg?&style=for-the-badge&logo=linkedin&logoColor=white alt=linkedin style="margin-bottom: 5px;" />
</a>
<a href="https://www.facebook.com/dscjssnoida/" target="_blank">
<img src=https://img.shields.io/badge/facebook-%232E87FB.svg?&style=for-the-badge&logo=facebook&logoColor=white alt=facebook style="margin-bottom: 5px;" />
</a>
<a href="https://instagram.com/gdscjssaten?igshid=YmMyMTA2M2Y=" target="_blank">
<img src=https://img.shields.io/badge/instagram-%23000000.svg?&style=for-the-badge&logo=instagram&logoColor=white alt=instagram style="margin-bottom: 5px;" />
</a>
 <a href="https://discord.gg/PWEtw7gq" target="_blank">
<img src=https://img.shields.io/badge/discord-%233E77FB.svg?&style=for-the-badge&logo=discord&logoColor=white alt=youtube style="margin-bottom: 5px;" />
</a> 
<a href="https://medium.com/dsc-jss-noida" target="_blank">
<img src=https://img.shields.io/badge/medium-%23292929.svg?&style=for-the-badge&logo=medium&logoColor=white alt=medium style="margin-bottom: 5px;" />
</a>  
<a href="https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCkELk5JFDceaSf8pBa19kDQ" target="_blank">
<img src=https://img.shields.io/badge/youtube-%23FF0000.svg?&style=for-the-badge&logo=youtube&logoColor=white alt=youtube style="margin-bottom: 5px;" />
</a> 
</div>

## License

Licensed under the [MIT license](LICENSE).

Commit message:

Added figma link to Readme

README.md, after:

<!-- <div align="center"> <img align="center" alt="dschackfest" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/42115530/94295926-a5741880-ff7f-11ea-890b-39ad20ac0f21.png" height='150' width='350'></div> -->

<div>
    <img align=top src="https://miro.medium.com/max/1400/1*c4YgRXYQayOVWxV37ourrw.png" width="100%"/>

<div>
<br>

## HackHive

HackHive is a comprehensive collection of hackathons categorized by tech domains, languages, expertise, and much more. With a user-friendly interface, users can easily find hackathons tailored to their interests, whether they're seasoned developers looking for the next challenge or beginners eager to dive into the world of coding.

What sets HackHive apart is its commitment to keeping users informed. The website scrapes hackathon details from various sources across the web, ensuring that users have access to the most comprehensive and up-to-date information available.

<br>

Figma Link for the design file : https://www.figma.com/design/9HzyqaEl4SXVY4iZIA0SFp/HackHive
Deployed Link : https://hackhive-gssoc.netlify.app/

[![Issues](https://img.shields.io/github/issues/DSC-JSS-NOIDA/HackHive)](https://github.com/DSC-JSS-NOIDA/HackHive/issues)
[![PRs](https://img.shields.io/github/issues-pr/DSC-JSS-NOIDA/HackHive)](https://github.com/DSC-JSS-NOIDA/HackHive/pulls)
[![Maintenance](https://img.shields.io/maintenance/yes/2023?color=green&logo=github)](https://github.com/DSC-JSS-NOIDA/)
[![Forks](https://img.shields.io/github/forks/DSC-JSS-NOIDA/HackHive?style=social)](https://github.com/DSC-JSS-NOIDA/HackHive) 
[![Stars](https://img.shields.io/github/stars/DSC-JSS-NOIDA/HackHive?style=social)](https://github.com/DSC-JSS-NOIDA/HackHive) 
[![Watchers](https://img.shields.io/github/watchers/DSC-JSS-NOIDA/HackHive?style=social)](https://github.com/DSC-JSS-NOIDA/HackHive)  
[![Twitter Follow](https://img.shields.io/twitter/follow/DSCJSSATEN?style=social)](https://twitter.com/DSCJSSATEN)

<!-- A collection of resources categorised by tech domains, languages, expertise and much more. Blogzen gives you a quick access to all the resources that you could need at a single place, within a click! -->

### Links

<!-- - **Frontend**: <https://blogzen-gdsc.netlify.app/>
- **Backend**: <https://blogzen-gdsc.netlify.app/> -->

## Technology Stack used:

<img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/html5%20-%23E34F26.svg?&style=for-the-badge&logo=html5&logoColor=white"/>
<img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/css3%20-%231572B6.svg?&style=for-the-badge&logo=css3&logoColor=white"/>
<img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/javascript%20-%23323330.svg?&style=for-the-badge&logo=javascript&logoColor=%23F7DF1E"/>
<img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/react%20-%2320232a.svg?&style=for-the-badge&logo=react&logoColor=%2361DAFB"/>
<img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/tailwindcss%20-%2338B2AC.svg?&style=for-the-badge&logo=tailwind-css&logoColor=white"/>
<img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/python%20-%2314354C.svg?&style=for-the-badge&logo=python&logoColor=white"/>
<img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/node.js%20-%2343853D.svg?&style=for-the-badge&logo=node.js&logoColor=white"/>
<img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/express.js%20-%23404d59.svg?&style=for-the-badge"/>
<img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/github%20-%23121011.svg?&style=for-the-badge&logo=github&logoColor=white"/>
<img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/selenium%20-%23424242.svg?&style=for-the-badge&logo=selenium&logoColor=%23FF4500"/>

<br>

- **Frontend**: HTML5, CSS, JavaScript, Tailwind
- **Backend**: Node.js, Express.js, Selenium
- **IDE**: VS Code
- **Version Control**: Git and GitHub
- **Database**: MongoDb
- **Hosting**: Render, Vercel

  <br>

## Our Contributors !! ✨

### Thanks to these wonderful people: ✨

<table>
	<tr>
		<td>
			<a href="https://github.com/DSC-JSS-NOIDA/HackHive/graphs/contributors">
  <img src="https://contrib.rocks/image?repo=DSC-JSS-NOIDA/HackHive" />
</a>
		</td>
	</tr>
</table>

## Get Started

### Demo <a href="" style="text-decoration:none;">🎥</a>

<!-- #### Website for this repository : <https://blogzen-gdsc.netlify.app/> -->

<br>

### Steps for Contributing

<strong>Frontend</strong>

- Fork and clone the Repo by typing the following commands in the terminal

```
$ git clone https://github.com/<your-github-username>/HackHive.git
$ cd HackHive
```

- Make Changes to code<br>
- Push to your fork of the repository , navigate to original repository and make a pull request.<be>

<strong>Backend</strong>

**Note**: You must have Nodejs installed

- Fork and clone the Repo by typing the following commands in the terminal

```
$ git clone https://github.com/DSC-JSS-NOIDA/HackHive.git
$ cd HackHive
```

<!-- [![fork.png](https://i.postimg.cc/xTPqkF38/fork.png)](https://postimg.cc/BXXJkpyf) -->

<!-- <hr> -->

<!-- [![clone.png](https://i.postimg.cc/5t2F51kr/clone.png)](https://postimg.cc/K1CzxXb7) -->

<!-- <hr> -->

<!-- [![clone-git-Bash.png](https://i.postimg.cc/kgcbtDw8/clone-git-Bash.png)](https://postimg.cc/CRR13h3L) -->

<!-- <hr> -->

- Make changes to the code(for ex- add an update route)
- Stage your changes using:

```
$ git add .
```

- Commit your changes using:

```
$ git commit -m "add any comment"
```

- Push the changes to the forked repository using:

```
$ git push
```

- Navigate to the original repository and make a pull request

```
Showing Your Remotes

$ git remote

$ git remote -v
```

Adding Remote Repositories

```
git remote add upstream https://github.com/DSC-JSS-NOIDA/HackHive.git
```

Pulling from Your Remote

```
$ git pull upstream main
```

## Design

The Prospective design of this project is here [HackHive](https://www.figma.com/file/Ak0vaM2cMhqIWBzgkU8BmE/Untitled?type=design&node-id=0%3A1&mode=design&t=GzaRlGrkVNpEdTId-1)

## Resources

- **Git and Github**: [Git and Github for Beginners](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RGOj5yH7evk)

- **Frontend**: [Frontend development for Beginners](https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PL9ooVrP1hQOH2k1SANK5rvq_EAgUKTPoK)

- **Backend**: [Node.js for Beginners](https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PL4cUxeGkcC9gcy9lrvMJ75z9maRw4byYp)

#### Happy?? Star ⭐ this Repo. 🤩

[![ForTheBadge uses-git](http://ForTheBadge.com/images/badges/uses-git.svg)](https://github.com/DSC-JSS-NOIDA/HackHive)
[![ForTheBadge uses-html](http://ForTheBadge.com/images/badges/uses-html.svg)](https://github.com/DSC-JSS-NOIDA/HackHive)
[![ForTheBadge uses-css](http://ForTheBadge.com/images/badges/uses-css.svg)](https://github.com/DSC-JSS-NOIDA/HackHive)
[![ForTheBadge uses-js](http://ForTheBadge.com/images/badges/uses-js.svg)](https://github.com/DSC-JSS-NOIDA/HackHive)
[![React](https://img.shields.io/badge/react%20-%2320232a.svg?&style=for-the-badge&logo=react&logoColor=%2361DAFB)](https://github.com/DSC-JSS-NOIDA/HackHive)
[![Tailwind CSS](https://img.shields.io/badge/tailwindcss%20-%2338B2AC.svg?&style=for-the-badge&logo=tailwind-css&logoColor=white)](https://github.com/DSC-JSS-NOIDA/HackHive)
[![Python](https://img.shields.io/badge/python%20-%2314354C.svg?&style=for-the-badge&logo=python&logoColor=white)](https://github.com/DSC-JSS-NOIDA/HackHive)
[![Node.js](https://img.shields.io/badge/node.js%20-%2343853D.svg?&style=for-the-badge&logo=node.js&logoColor=white)](https://github.com/DSC-JSS-NOIDA/HackHive)
[![Express.js](https://img.shields.io/badge/express.js%20-%23404d59.svg?&style=for-the-badge)](https://github.com/DSC-JSS-NOIDA/HackHive)
[![Selenium](https://img.shields.io/badge/selenium%20-%23424242.svg?&style=for-the-badge&logo=selenium&logoColor=%23FF4500)](https://github.com/DSC-JSS-NOIDA/HackHive)

> Made By GDSC JSS NOIDA with ❤️

<br><br>

[![ForTheBadge built-with-love](http://ForTheBadge.com/images/badges/built-with-love.svg)](https://github.com/DSC-JSS-NOIDA/HackHive)
[![ForTheBadge built-by-developers](http://ForTheBadge.com/images/badges/built-by-developers.svg)](https://github.com/DSC-JSS-NOIDA/HackHive)

> **_Need help?_** > **_Feel free to contact us @ [dscjssnoida@gmail.com](mailto:idscjssnoida@gmail.com?Subject=DSC-GSSoC'24)_**

## Connect with us

<div align="center">
 <a href="https://gdscjss.in/"><img src="https://i.postimg.cc/wvDj0vx0/gdsc-logo.png"  height=100px /></a> <br><br> 
<a href="https://github.com/DSC-JSS-NOIDA" target="_blank">
<img src=https://img.shields.io/badge/github-%2324292e.svg?&style=for-the-badge&logo=github&logoColor=white alt=github style="margin-bottom: 5px;" />
</a>
<a href="https://twitter.com/GDSCJSSATEN" target="_blank">
<img src=https://img.shields.io/badge/twitter-%2300acee.svg?&style=for-the-badge&logo=twitter&logoColor=white alt=twitter style="margin-bottom: 5px;" />
</a>
<a href="https://www.linkedin.com/company/dsc-jssaten/" target="_blank">
<img src=https://img.shields.io/badge/linkedin-%231E77B5.svg?&style=for-the-badge&logo=linkedin&logoColor=white alt=linkedin style="margin-bottom: 5px;" />
</a>
<a href="https://www.facebook.com/dscjssnoida/" target="_blank">
<img src=https://img.shields.io/badge/facebook-%232E87FB.svg?&style=for-the-badge&logo=facebook&logoColor=white alt=facebook style="margin-bottom: 5px;" />
</a>
<a href="https://instagram.com/gdscjssaten?igshid=YmMyMTA2M2Y=" target="_blank">
<img src=https://img.shields.io/badge/instagram-%23000000.svg?&style=for-the-badge&logo=instagram&logoColor=white alt=instagram style="margin-bottom: 5px;" />
</a>
 <a href="https://discord.gg/PWEtw7gq" target="_blank">
<img src=https://img.shields.io/badge/discord-%233E77FB.svg?&style=for-the-badge&logo=discord&logoColor=white alt=youtube style="margin-bottom: 5px;" />
</a> 
<a href="https://medium.com/dsc-jss-noida" target="_blank">
<img src=https://img.shields.io/badge/medium-%23292929.svg?&style=for-the-badge&logo=medium&logoColor=white alt=medium style="margin-bottom: 5px;" />
</a>  
<a href="https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCkELk5JFDceaSf8pBa19kDQ" target="_blank">
<img src=https://img.shields.io/badge/youtube-%23FF0000.svg?&style=for-the-badge&logo=youtube&logoColor=white alt=youtube style="margin-bottom: 5px;" />
</a> 
</div>

## License

Licensed under the [MIT license](LICENSE).
